release 0.2.0 (#97)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-statistics-backend: docs/rst/notes/notes.rst

.. _release_notes:

Version 0.2.0
=============

This minor release is API compatible with the previous minor release, but introduces **ABI breaks**:

* Methods and attributes have been added on several classes, so indexes of
  symbols on dynamic libraries may have changed.

This release adds the following **features**:

* Support for Windows platforms
* Dumped data can now be loaded to the backend

> * Backend cannow be reset to a clean state (deleting all the data and monitors)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Backend can now be reset to a clean state (deleting all the data and monitors)
```
